# I created my own version of SPENVIS’ radiation models, using other’s software that models the radiation conditions at a specific point in the low earth atmosphere and that determines the position of a satellite based on it’s TLE and the date and time. My version of these models could return the net flux, peak flux, flux variance, and percent of time experiencing flux experienced by a satellite in low earth orbit, given that satellite’s TLE. My models also returned graphs of flux vs time and flux vs energy data, as well as a position vs flux color map.
	This software took a significant amount of to write, mostly because in order to write it I had to teach and review large amounts of python to myself. I started by building a program which could create a flux map of any energy of proton at any altitude. I then worked on extracting position vs time information from a satellite’s TLE, combining that information with the position vs radiation code developed earlier (along with radiation vs time information taken from atmospheric radiation models), and finally iterating that over a user-determined range of proton energies. Incidentally, that last part required the creation of a program to find the trapezoidal sum of a range of values taken at inconsistent intervals (and also a program with the ability to determine those intervals), which was genuinely more fun than one might expect.
	As it stands today, I’m definitely very much proud of this code. However, it has a few flaws. First, it currently will fail if it attempts to take data over a period that crosses from December 31st to January 1st. The program’s clock also does not include any provisions for daylight savings time– I’m not sure exactly how this effects its operation but I suspect that if the program were run over a period including march 13th or november 6th, it might return somewhat skewed data. Both of these issues should be fairly easy to fix: due to the nature of matplot’s color system, it would be significantly harder to alter the code such that the color grading on the position vs. radiation map scales logarithmically. 
